= wktime
This Plugin provides the capability to submit Time & Expense within redmine. The user must be a 
member of a project with permission to log time.  If the user has 'Edit time logs' permission, 
then he can manage other team member's Time & Expense as well.

This plugin uses the existing Time Entry model for Time sheets and has its own model called 
Wk Expense Entry for Expense Sheets.  New Time & Expense sheets can be entered using the link 
‘New sheet’, new issues can be added to the Sheets using the ‘Add Row’ link.  Users without 
Edit permissions cannot edit/delete time & expense entries.  
The time & expense sheets can be exported into pdf and csv format.

The following configurations can be made on the plugin
	- size of the dropdown components
	- inclusion of previous week's closed issues
	- check for max daily hours
	- check for min daily hours
	- parameters of pdf export	
	- Allow Blank Issue
	- Show Work time Header
	- Enter comment in Row
	- Enter Custom Field in Row
	- Use Detail Time Entry Popup
	- Use Approval System
	- Enter Issue as id / subject
	- Filter issues by tracker
	- Allow Own Time & Expense Sheet Approval
	- Number of weeks to consider for previous week template
	- Send email for non submission
	- Set submission deadline
	- Set projects for expense
	- Allow User filtering to My Issues
	- Public holidays can be configured
	- 'Approve time log' permission
	- T&E Admin groups can be configured
	
The Time & Expense sheets can be approved/rejected by supervisors after it is submitted by Project Members.
Here is the workflow of Approval system..
i) In addition to the Save button there is also a submit button
ii) A team member can save a time & expense sheet any number of times, but can only submit once.
iii) Once a time & expense sheet is submitted, the user with "Approve time log" permission can approve / reject it.
In the mean time if he wants to take back his submission, he can unsubmit his time & expense sheet
iv) Once approved, the time & expense sheet can never be edited.
v) If the time & expense sheet is rejected, then it goes back to the project member for re-submission
   An email about the rejection is sent to the Project Member.
vi) Once approved, a time & expense sheet can be unapproved, it sends the time & expense sheet back to submitted state.
vii) If the timesheet is not submitted before deadline, then a email notification will be sent to the project memeber.

Time & Expense plugin supports REST API. It supports both xml and json. Using the api we can list
time/expense sheets for a user, create, update and delete time/expense sheets.  User with approve time log 
permission can approve, unapprove, reject time/expense sheets. This plugin also supports code hooks.

Unpack the zip file to the plugins folder of Redmine.
Starting from version 1.2, it requires db migration.
So run the following command for db migration

  rake redmine:plugins:migrate NAME=redmine_wktime RAILS_ENV=production
  
When uninstalling the plugin, be sure to remove the db changes by running

	rake redmine:plugins:migrate NAME=redmine_wktime VERSION=0 RAILS_ENV=production

This plugin uses js and css assets and it will be copied to public/plugin_asset/redmine_wktime
folder upon server startup, so please make sure public/plugin_asset/redmine_wktime has proper access.
The pdf export requires rmagick gem.

Starting from version 1.5, it requires the gem rufus-scheduler.
so run the following command to install the gem
	bundle install
	
For rufus-scheduler to work , the rails application should be up all the time.
If an apache passenger module is used then make sure the following settings are made
	a) PassengerMinInstances 1
	b) RailsAppSpawnerIdleTime 0
	c) PassengerPreStart http://rails-app-url/	

Release Notes for 1.9
	Features:
		- Permission changes
			-- The project member with 'Edit time logs' can edit other member time/expense sheet with his permission.
		- TE Admin users is introduced
		- Empty time/expense sheet can be viewed.
		- Sorting of timesheet rows.
		- Allow entering time in different format.
		- Non empty icon if detail time entry popup has no values.
		- Comment box size increased.
		- Name is shown for closed or inactive project, issue and activity.
	
	Bugs:
		- Error message is shown if issue is blank when "Allow blank issue" is OFF.
		- Closed date is considered instead of updated date for closed issues.
		
Please provide your rating at http://www.redmine.org/plugins/wk-time		
